BUILD-4729 automate self release process (#157)
SonarSource/gh-action_release: scripts/pull-request-body.txt

DO NOT MERGE with GitHub UI!

This PR:
- MUST be merged before any other PR
- MUST be fast-forward merged (GitHub UI merge features DO NOT WORK)
- will be auto-approved under conditions, but manual approval is still allowed

> This PR is used to work around the circular dependency issue with GitHub Actions self-reference.

Author: Yes, the comment is not very detailed, do you want me to update it more accurately?

It's a "chained reusable workflow and actions" issue with no access to "the SHA of the called workflow, not the caller workflow".
https://support.github.com/ticket/enterprise/11199/2458578
> Currently, When a reusable workflow is triggered by a caller workflow, the GitHub context is always associated with the caller workflow.

> This PR is used to work around the circular dependency issue with GitHub Actions self-reference.

Reviewer: What do you think about
```suggestion
This PR is used to work around the issue with reusable workflows referencing GitHub Actions in the same repository.
```
